SpreeDynamicVariants
====================

This Gems creates variants for a Spree/Solidus Shop when needed.
Useful for products with many options.
Dynamic Variant Creation is a better alternative than creating multimillion variant entries for each possible option combination.

Assumes the Variant will be combined and sent after ordering.
Therefore:
If track inventory is on, the newly created variant will have track_inventory = false.

Show all available options as dropdowns in product screen.
When product is put in cart, the correct variant is created if it doesn't exist yet.

Adds a "dynamic variants?" checkbox to products which makes the variant creation dynamic.
Adds a "surcharge" Field for Option Values for altering prices of the dynamic variants.


Installation
------------
Add spree_dynamic_variants to your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'spree_dynamic_variants'
```

Bundle your dependencies and run the installation generator:

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rails g spree_dynamic_variants:install
```

Setup
-----
Add Products, Option Types and Option Values (can have surcharges).
Assign Option Types to Product.
Set "dynamic variants?" on Product

Go to Frontend Product Screen, assemble your Options and put it in Cart.
In Backend Order Creation you still need to create the variant by hand.


Testing
-------
First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_dynamic_variants/factories'
```

License
-------
released under the New BSD License
